 Alright, that's it for this video, thanks for watching and
I'll see you in the next video.
 Right, then, I'm finished.
 You're finished?
 I'm finished, I'm done.
 I'm finished. I'm done.
 And finished, I'm done. I mean, I think it's done.
 Do you want me to have a read?
 No.
 No. No, it's fine.
 Unless...
 unless you want to.
 unless you want to do you want me to
 unless you want to do you want me to
 unless you want to do you want me to right yeah
 unless do you want to do you want me to right yeah no no
you probably should
 unless do you want to do you want me to right yeah no no
you probably should okay
 unless do you want to do you want me to right yeah no no
you probably should okay actually
 unless do you want to do you want me to right yeah no no
you probably should okay actually can you not
 can you not no no
 can you not no no and it's not that I don't want
 No, and it's not that I don't want you to, I do.
 No, and it's not what I don't want you to. I do, obviously.
It's just...
 No, and it's not what I don't want you to, I do, obviously,
it's just, I know you'll find out what's wrong with it.
 out what's wrong with it and then you'll make me change it.
 is wrong with it and then you'll make me change it and
change it and
 is wrong with it and then you'll make me change it and then
I'll start worrying about all the other
 about all the other things that you're wrong with it.
 I won't make you change it.
 And then I'll never actually send it and we'll be...
 and we'll be right back where we started.
 Alice, I won't make you.
 Yes.
 Yes, you would. You always make me change.
 Yes, you would. You always make me change things.
 Like when?
 Last-
 Last week! Last week!
 Last week! Last week I left at work in the kitchen.
 I just made some notes...
 I just made some notes in the margin. I was trying to make
it sound less dr-
 I just made some notes in the margin. I was trying to make
it sound less dry.
 It was a shipping contract.
 It was a shipping contract. It was supposed to sound
 It was a shipping contract. It was supposed to sound dry.
 It was a shipping contract. It was supposed to sound dry.
Look, I'd rather just sell...
 Look, I'd rather just send it, okay?
 Good. I want you to just...
 Good. I want you to just send it.
 Fine. I will.
 Fine! I will!
 Okay?
 Okay, all right, maybe you should...
 Okay, all right. Maybe you should take a look.
 Fine!
 Actually, no.
 Seriously?
 Okay!
 I just want to get it right! I'm going to do one more
draft. We've done 15.
 I just want to get it right just I'm going to do one more
draft done 15 I need to check
 I just want to get it right just I'm going to do one more
draft done 15 I need to check the spelling
 I have, I need...
 I have. I need to check the stuff it missed.
 I don't...
 I don't know! That's why I need to check it!
 I don't know! That's why I need to check it!
 Let's see who else is the most important thing I've ever...
 I don't know! That's why I need to check it!
 I don't want you to open with Dear Mum and Dad.
 I don't want you to open with, dear mum and dad, I have
something really important to tell you.
 I don't want you to open with dear mum and dad. I have
something really important to tell you. I'm a Lebanon
 I don't want you to open with dear mum and dad. I have
something really important to tell you. I'm a Lebanon
 Look fee
 Look, Fee, it's late, they'll be...
 Look, Fee, it's late. They'll be in bed.
 Look, Fee, it's late. They'll be in bed. Can't we just
wait?
 Look, Phi, it's late. They'll be in bed. Can't we just
wait?
 Till when?
 I don't know.
 I don't know. January?
 What?
 or in 24 hours.
 in 24 hours.
 Yes, maybe it can wait.
 Yes, maybe it can wait 24 hours.
 Okay.
 Okay?